{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs84 \cf0 Get Lyrical
\fs36 \
v2.4
\fs84 \

\fs36 by Chris J. Shull\
<ShullianProductions@gmail.com>\
Shullian.com
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 Auto-magically adds lyrics to songs in iTunes 5+ from lyricwiki.org.\
You can choose either a selection of tracks or the current track.\
\
iTunes 5 or better required.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf2 Warning
\f0\b0 \cf0 : search results are not always accurate! \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf3 How to use:
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
Put this script in your iTunes Scripts folder. This is located in 
\f2\i \cf4 user name
\f0\i0  > Library > iTunes\cf0 . If there is no folder named "Scripts" there, create one and put the script in it. It will then appear in iTunes' Script menu, where you can activate it by clicking on its name.\
\
While a track is playing, or while one or more tracks are selected, run the script.\
\
Lyrics, if found, will be imported to the currently playing or selected track(s)' lyric tag in iTunes.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Double-check the Lyrics tab of the track's Get Info window. Lyrics are not always retrieved accurately!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx7280\tx7840\tx8400\tx8960\tx9520\tx10080\tx10640\tx11200\tx11760\tx12320\tx12880\tx13440\tx14000\tx14560\tx15120\tx15680\tx16240\tx16800\tx17360\tx17920\tx18480\tx19040\tx19600\tx20160\tx20720\tx21280\tx21840\tx22400\tx22960\tx23520\tx24080\tx24640\tx25200\tx25760\tx26320\tx26880\tx27440\tx28000\tx28560\tx29120\tx29680\tx30240\tx30800\tx31360\tx31920\tx32480\tx33040\tx33600\tx34160\tx34720\tx35280\tx35840\tx36400\tx36960\tx37520\tx38080\tx38640\tx39200\tx39760\tx40320\tx40880\tx41440\tx42000\tx42560\tx43120\tx43680\tx44240\tx44800\tx45360\tx45920\tx46480\tx47040\tx47600\tx48160\tx48720\tx49280\tx49840\tx50400\tx50960\tx51520\tx52080\tx52640\tx53200\tx53760\tx54320\tx54880\tx55440\tx56000\pardeftab720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 New in v2.4 \
	Asks about overwriting lyrics for selections. Fixed the 'Billie Jean' bug. Improvements to the search method to obtain more/better results.\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 This software is released "as-is". By using it or modifying it you agree that its author cannot be held responsible or liable for any tragedies resulting thereof.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the 
\f1\b GNU General Public License
\f0\b0  as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
Get a copy of the GNU General Public License by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.\
\
or visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html}}
\f3\i\fs18 \cf4 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 AppleScript, iTunes, and iPod are registered trademarks of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com"}}{\fldrslt Apple Computer}}, Inc.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
}